Adds basic sable tags to some blocks from the base game and these mods:
Abundant Atmosphere
Architect's Palette
The Block Box
Create Deco
Enderscape
Farmer's Delight
My Nether's Delight
Brewin' and Chewin'
Supplementaries
Quark
No Man's Land
Oxide
Vanilla Backport
Pulsetech
Envelope
Ipla
Verdant
Grounded
Redstone Recharged
(And possibly more we've forgotten)

Some blocks have custom physics values and combinations, here are some notable ones:
(BB and Supp) Sky lanterns and bubbles will float away! They can't carry much individually though.
(AP) Abyssaline and Hadaline act as a ballast based on their charge, decreasing and increasing their mass respectively
(MC and AP) Glowstone now levitates!.. Not very well at least. Smooth glowstone from Architect' Palette is airtight at least!
(Misc) Purpur/Chorus blocks and their derivatives have both reduced gravity and are lighter! End rods and blocks crafted with them have decent levitation too. However, do be warned, they WILL float off irregardless of air pressure or gravity.
(Supp and NML) Spikes have a LOT of friction. Additionally, the ones from No Man's Land lose this when they retract.
(CD and MC) Coin piles will weigh more the more you stack them, snow layers will also do so albiet lighter. Good for precise weighting!
(Enderscape and Ap) Nebulite and Nebulite is more receptive to inertia.
(Enderscape) Drift jelly is now extremely light and bouncy!
(AP) Moonshale has moon gravity! Craterstone less so.
(Misc) Mushroom blocks, froglights, kelp, and a few more various blocks are a bit rubbery, being slightly bouncy and with more friction. 
(Misc) Cobble, blackstone, and paths have more traction.
(MC) Reinforced Deepslate and Netherite are now uber heavy, albeit not as heavy as bedrock.

Notable additions and changes to existing Sable tags:
(Misc) Extra tags for easily adding blocks adjacent to slabs and smaller to the appropriate sable tags.
(Misc) Plants similar to cactus or bamboo have been made light and fragile. Additonsally, resin and dirty glass are fragile.
(Misc) Various storage blocks are now light instead of super heavy.

If you need to see what's in specific tags, we recommend wearing goggles and peering into your recipe viewer of your choice! Looking up #sable and #stoat helps.